Outline new structure for experiments (#9938)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/experiments/new-outline.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: will review later

---
title: New outline (do not merge)
---

## Experiments

- Overview
	- Keep as-is for now
- Installation

> - Start here
> 	- New doc with the key concepts you need to understand
> 	- Outline:

Reviewer: I like where this is going. Curious what you think should go here?
```suggestion
- Key concepts
```

## Common use-cases

- Click rate
	- Trend with count
- Click-through rate
	- Funnel
- Session length
	- Trend with property value
- Retention ?

## Setting up

- [Creating an experiment](/docs/experiments/creating-an-experiment)
	- Refresh doc based on new UI
	- Outline:
		- Navigate to Experiments and click "New experiment"
		- Explanation of each form field:
			- Name
			- Feature flag key
			- Description
			- Participant type

> 			- Variants

Reviewer: This is mostly the same, right?

			- Holdout group

> 				- Link to holdouts documentation

Reviewer: I would still keep holdouts as its own page. Easier to find

- Defining experiments with code
- Designing no-code experiments
- [Testing and launching](/docs/experiments/testing-and-launching)
	- Keep the first part of the existing doc.
	- Potentially rename to "Starting the experiment"
- Evaluating results

> 	- Use the second part of the existing 'Testing and launching' doc.

Reviewer: sounds good

## Features

- [Experiments without feature flags](/docs/experiments/running-experiments-without-feature-flags)

> 	- Should this move to Guides?

Reviewer: What's the motivation behind moving it?

- [Holdouts](/docs/experiments/holdouts)
	- Keep existing doc

> ## Methodology
> 
> - Statistics primer
> - Trends with count
> - Trends with property value
> - Funnels
> 	- Attribution type: Funnels allow you to have the attribution assigned at any point in the funnel, not just the first step. If the user assigned to a variant later on in the funnel, then they'll be included in the entire funnel.
> - [Traffic allocation](/docs/experiments/traffic-allocation)
> - [Sample size and running time](/docs/experiments/sample-size-running-time)

Reviewer: Not entirely sure what we talk about in these sections? But in general I think its a good direction
```suggestion
## Under the hood

- Statistics primer
- Trends with count
- Trends with property value
- Funnels
	- Attribution type: Funnels allow you to have the attribution assigned at any point in the funnel, not just the first step. If the user assigned to a variant later on in the funnel, then they'll be included in the entire funnel.
- [Traffic allocation](/docs/experiments/traffic-allocation)
- [Sample size and running time](/docs/experiments/sample-size-running-time)
```
